What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten?
Have you ever sent a text to the wrong person? What happened?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever worn?
If you had to choose one person here to be stuck on a deserted island with, who would it be and why?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve ever spent money on?
Have you ever accidentally called someone by the wrong name? How did they react?
What’s the funniest lie you’ve ever told to get out of something?
If you could swap lives with one person here for a day, who would it be and why?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in front of your crush?
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
Have you ever laughed at a moment that was completely inappropriate?
What’s the worst pickup line you’ve ever used or heard?
If your pet could talk, what’s the first thing they’d say about you?
Have you ever tried to impress someone but completely failed?
What’s the most bizarre talent you have?
If you could only speak in song lyrics for a day, which song would you pick?
What’s the strangest thing you believed as a kid?
If you had to eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest nickname someone has ever given you?
If you had to live in a movie universe, which one would you pick?
What’s the most awkward situation you’ve ever been in?
Have you ever walked into the wrong bathroom?
What’s the dumbest reason you’ve ever cried?
Have you ever tried to talk to someone only to realize they weren’t who you thought they were?
What’s the funniest autocorrect fail you’ve had?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction in public?
If you had to swap outfits with one person here, who would it be?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done when you were alone?
If you could erase one embarrassing moment from your memory, what would it be?
What’s the most awkward text you’ve ever received?
Have you ever fallen asleep in a place you really shouldn’t have?
What’s the most ridiculous superstition you believe in?
If you had to go a week without your phone, what would be the hardest part?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without showering?
If you could only watch one TV show for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Have you ever tried to be cool but it totally backfired?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done for attention?
What’s the worst haircut you’ve ever had?
If you had to swap voices with one person here, who would it be?
Have you ever waved at someone who wasn’t actually waving at you?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve done while half asleep?
Have you ever sent a risky text and immediately regretted it?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve ever done in a bathroom?
If your life was a reality show, what would it be called?
Have you ever tripped over absolutely nothing?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever said to a teacher?
If you had to live with one cartoon character, who would it be?
What’s the weirdest sound you can make?
Have you ever had a crush on a fictional character?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve ever argued about?
If you could read minds, whose mind would you read first?
What’s the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
Have you ever completely embarrassed yourself in public?
If you had to perform in a talent show right now, what would you do?
What’s the most childish thing you still do?
Have you ever gone out with mismatched socks or shoes?
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told?
Have you ever accidentally liked an old photo while stalking someone?
If you had to delete one app from your phone forever, which one would it be?
What’s the most embarrassing text you’ve ever sent?
Have you ever gotten caught talking to yourself?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done on social media?
If you had to wear one outfit for a year, what would it be?
What’s the funniest thing that’s happened to you in an elevator?
Have you ever pretended to know someone when you actually didn’t?
If you could switch lives with your pet for a day, what’s the first thing you’d do?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done while distracted?
Have you ever tried to take a cool picture but failed miserably?
What’s the funniest nickname you’ve ever been called?
Have you ever answered a question in class even though you had no idea what you were talking about?
What’s the most random thing you’ve done just because you were bored?
Have you ever been caught dancing when you thought no one was watching?
What’s the worst excuse you’ve ever used to get out of something?
Have you ever mistaken a stranger for someone you knew?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever Googled?
Have you ever been caught making weird faces in the mirror?
If you could be any emoji for a day, which one would you be?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve done on a dare?
If you could swap one bad habit for a good one, what would it be?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve ever seen someone else do?
Have you ever had an embarrassing username or email address?
If you had to give up one of your five senses, which one would it be?
What’s the worst piece of advice you’ve ever given or received?
If you could instantly master one silly skill, what would it be?
What’s the funniest way you’ve ever hurt yourself?
Have you ever sent a message and immediately wished you could unsend it?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done in the middle of the night?
Have you ever walked into something because you were looking at your phone?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve done when you thought no one was watching?
If you had to pick a new name for yourself, what would it be?
Have you ever accidentally blurted out something super embarrassing?
What’s the worst gift you’ve ever received?
Have you ever been caught eavesdropping on a conversation?
What’s the most bizarre thing you’ve ever done on impulse?
Have you ever texted something weird while half asleep?
What’s the funniest way you’ve ever tried to get someone’s attention?
Have you ever accidentally liked someone’s post from years ago?
If you had to live in a video game world, which one would you choose?
What’s the most cringeworthy thing you’ve ever posted online?
Have you ever gotten lost in a place you’ve been to multiple times?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve ever done out of curiosity?
Have you ever tried to impress someone but made a fool of yourself instead?
If you could only talk using one word for a day, what would it be?